feat(override): add defcfg option to release output early (#1120)
jtroo/kanata: docs/config.adoc

)
----

[[override-release-on-activation]]
=== override-release-on-activation
<<table-of-contents,Back to ToC>>

This configuration item changes activation behaviour from `defoverrides`.

Take this example override:

[source]
----
(defoverrides (lsft a) (lsft 9))
----

The default behaviour is that if `lsft` is released **before** releasing `a`,
kanata's behaviour would be to send `a`.

A future improvement could be to make the `9` continue to be the key held,
but that is not implemented today.

The workaround in case the above behaviour negatively impacts your workflow
is to enable this configuration.

> This configuration will press and then immediately release the `a` input

Author: ```suggestion
This configuration will press and then immediately release the `9` output
```
